squeeze my good afternoon we all have
a news that prevent entering Dubai
the man with the world's most piercings
truth is that they are quite spears and the
who has and well imagined
piercings that may have put a
number before he says the number and
Well, if someone has already put it and
such
the man has 453 piercing all over his
body you have to say I explain the
news the dubai authorities of
they denied entry to this man with more
piercing of the world was a German called
rock bag and well then this man
is 53 years old and has how I am
saying 453 feet and in addition to many
tattoos that you have all over your body
the truth is that he was expelled without
explanations and the truth is that this
man counted through twitter because
supposedly he thinks that he does not
they let in Dubai not according to says this
man then says that the authorities
emiratis because he suspects that he practices
witchcraft and that this was why
that do not let him in exactly
and also says that he practices black magic and
I the truth is that I think that I have
So many piercing and such does not mean
to do witchcraft or this kind of thing
or black magic as he is saying what
are the authorities from there of tubay and
the truth is that you do not know exactly
what will happen to this man if he goes to
return to your country to germany or the truth
is that I do not know if they will let you enter the
true that a rather strange thing there
to say that in the year 2012 to this
man they gave the guinness record to
man with more tips on how I am
saying of the whole world not the truth
is that I do not know what you think of
this man from dubai who have not
let enter by your amount of
piercings that he has all over his body
besides witchcraft and also magic
black and we went to the last image of
a woman who stole a bottle of wine
to go prey to see her boyfriend
the truth is that this woman is called
Alice Whiskey and Good was accused of
misdemeanor for stealing what a
$ 4 bottle of wine and the truth
is that she thought she was going to go
dam
could be near her boyfriend the truth
is that it is a bit
impossible for them to fall as they say
the same sow and be able to see her boyfriend not
I the truth is that I do not know about you
they will think and well I will also leave here in
the screen and also down on the
description a video that I uploaded to my
second channel has washed stripe blog a
blog that I made in valencia and is a
strong hug all dale and favorites if
you liked it and if you like the news
curious unusual news strange things
what happens around the world and such
subscribe to the strong channel